This is a project done in my Computer Science 210 class.  We had to program for a banking company that required a user interface that allowed their users to see the information on an investment, with the ability to test out different amounts of investments repeatedly.  I believe I covered the user menu fairly well, though I think I may have tweaked the appearance to make it more user friendly and easier to read.  Additionally, I would probably add in an option to clear the screen without exiting the program altogether.

I am disabled and the challenging aspect of writing this code was, actually, that I was sick while doing so.  Luckily, I have various accessibility tools at hand that allow me to keep working even when I am sick - I wrote this code from bed.  I'll probably be adding more of these tools to give myself a variety of things for all occasions.

The skills from this project I feel are tranferrable to other projects or course work are mostly in regard to what I said above.  Being disabled means you have to adapt yourself to the world, so finding ways to make that work are imperative in any aspect of my life - but especially this as I am going to be pursuing a career in software engineering.  I also think this gives me a leg up in being able to make my programming maintainable, readable, and adaptable though!  I was able to run the program over and over and make sure everything looked good and was easy to read, that everything was aligned and not at all offensive to the eye.  And that can transfer into making sure my programming is adaptable as well, since I am quite used to what it takes to be adaptable.
